You and I grew up together
childhood sweetheart
The relationship is so good
But to the end
I didn't leave you a backseat.
You say you care about it, you are also a famous family
You can be a wife anywhere
You can marry me
Be a wife
Emperor
Oh, dear.
I really planned to make you a concubine
I hope you can live a stable life in the future.
Happy life
But on this day at home
Stability and happiness are all a luxury.
Remember how many miscarriages you had?
That is, since then
You can't sing anymore
Half fly
Sorry for the pain.
Emperor
As long as I can marry you
Concubine whatever
next life
The concubine still wants to marry you
Don't say it
Drink soup
Hey
Come, I want to have a good taste of the craftsmanship of Wanfei
OK
Nice person, I like another bowl.
Emperor, are you?
Always trust me
You said if I poisoned the soup
Aren't you defenseless at all?
Emperor Emperor
What's the matter with the emperor?
Yo emperor emperor
Emperor, what's the matter with the emperor?
Kuaichuan Imperial Doctor
Quickly pass on the imperial doctor